good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
15 today I am going to you while I'm
doing one thing up in London and then
the rest of the day is hopefully going
to be dedicated to just studying and
productive basically I am helping out
with the cheese love campaign which you
might have heard of because it's quite
big in London it's spending quite a few
of the papers
you
[Music]
so the first thing I decided to do was
just go through these evidence ultimate
flashcards and at the same time I was
making a list at pa terminology because
I thought that this would just be quite
useful for revision and it ended up
being very useful
[Music]
then I just went through some more
flashcards and this time I decided to
use my whiteboard I really like
practicing truth tables on her on her
because it's pretty easy and convenient
to do
[Music]
then I just got my hair ready because I
was going up to London
okay so just arrived in Melbourne and
now I am heading over to MonaVie Street
will this staff
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm just going until you've got Martha
something she really gets up to be on
[Music]
when I got back from London the first
thing I decided to do was just go
through some wiki prep and do some
reading and just go through and find
what I needed to do as well in the
future over the rest of the Christmas
holidays then I went through some more
flashcards for this time for knowledge
and reality and again I was adding to
your vocabulary list at the same time
this one was on Hume and I also went
through many quizzes stats whilst I was
on the train on the way back from London
and then I decided to add to the video
because of course I've been doing
vlogmas so here I was just editing one
of the vlogmas vlogs and then lastly
here I was making a fact file for
Descartes
so I just basically went through all of
my notes and put it in a format which
made it much easier for me to them
revise from and as you could see I also
made a thumbnail and then I decided to
do some truth table practice questions
that's we were sat on line but every
time you say that it smudges my happy
thoughts and to undefinable world so at
the same time is listening to this TED
talk I decided to just add some things
to anakata order ready for Christmas
okay so I've just finished all of the
work that I wanted to get done today so
it's currently 5:00 to 9:00 and I am
going to I want to have a shower and I
need to tidy up my workspace you can I
say messy when I revise as you know what
it is I'm also gonna rights to do this
for tomorrow because oh sorry I've got
some so Gustav Holtz Seattle Symphony
Orchestra I'm listening to you a
space-themed classical music playlist on
Spotify it's really good I love Gustav
Holtz so
my room is looking quite messy so I
decided to first of all tidy up my desk
and then I went on to tidy the rest of
my room okay so it's about half yeah
half nine I'm currently just finishing
this TED talk incredible incredible by
audrey Mason Hyde what has happened to
that lighting see that the quality's
been decreased I don't know what's
happened the exposures just for some
reason that's gone down massively I just
wanted to quickly show you this jumper
that I'm wearing because I am sesor that
it came well the day we got back from
University and it's a Christmas jumper
so I got this from Deepak and I think
it's an upcycled die today I think
somebody bought the jumper and then
sewed these on okay I just have my
shower
22:11 so it's getting quite late I feel
like today was semi productive like I do
feel I do feel productive and I do feel
happy about the day that I had I had an
amazing time volunteering with cheese
love they are incredible basically you
choose love is a pop-up shop in Carnaby
Street and it is the first of its kind
so on the ground floor everything you
buy you can choose an item and
effectively you are giving that item to
a refugee who is a need and it's just
such an incredible project so you have a
rival shelter and then longevity
I actually dad stopped watching this if
you're watching it but there's actually
an option to gift things as well so you
can give it as a gift so I got so you
basically had a card and then you got to
color in and gold the things that you
bought that person or but on that
person's behalf so I bought a child coat
and a snug pack for my dad to go with
his Christmas present and it's just so
amazing so here's a list of everything
that you can buy
thank you so much for watching this
video
you